All right welcome back my dear student.
So we're going to finish this off right here in this lecture.
So we're putting all this information from here right now.
The next thing for us to do is to come in this hour we don't need it anymore as a matter of fact you
can take it off but I'm just kind of comment it out and show you.
Oops.
I'm going to select all this and comment.
All right.
So now where we are actually getting in the making all this square here just to get this cat to this
category tied right in that category ID burn.
What we're going to be doing now is we're going to be pulling out some more information from our virtual
table.
OK.
So we want to pull out.
And let's go to our BHB admin where is it if I can find it.
There we go.
So we want to pull out the cat title and the cat ID.
All right.
Why.
Just because we want to.
So Cat title and this is where it could get confusing.
Right remember that this table's I join now we can pull information from both tables and the information
that we're pulling is information that we got right here that we were asking for.
All right.
So we're going to say category title.
Let's do another one.
And carry ID here.
I don't even think we need a category ID but I just want to show you how you can pull that information
out.
But anyway save it.
Now back here.
We're down here where we come in this now.
Well we haven't yet let's comment this out.
And now here we're going to say category title category title saving.
And if we have any mistakes this is going to let us know when we refresh.
All right.
Unexpected in 1964 right that's fine line to 64.
That means we.
There we go.
We have this little common this owl saving
category title
2:33 Where is it.
This variable doesn't exist.
Let's make sure this is spelled correctly up here.
Yeah.
We have a capital C there.
So be careful with that right.
Save it now.
Enter And now you can see that we are displaying the category title according to whatever post we have
here.
Basically the same thing we had before but just we one Querrey.
All right.
Super simple to do.
Again let me just.
Actually I was going to take everything off and do it again so that way you can see that we are displaying
the same data.
So I'm going to do this and come and out.
All right.
I mean sure you say we come back here in a file refresh you going to see BHB in the bottom you going
to see all these javascript there.
Show you actually we see it backwards here and just that's because we're doing the order by id Querrey.
All right.
Order by id and we can do this in our new Querrey as well.
But as you can see here they are all javascript screen one is BHB.
So all right you get my point right there.
Come in this hour again this.
And let's actually do the order by ID right here.
So I'm going to grab this
kind of pizza right here.
But remember it's not post by ID it's posts dot by post you know post that post ID.
Right.
Just don't confuse that because that could give you a big problem.
All right let's come in this hour you can take it off if you want.
All right.
Save it.
Make sure we have this come back here and boobs again.
Sorry about that.
I keep forgetting this little guy right here.
There we go.
Same thing again.
All right but we are making one query so this page is a lot faster now right.
So now I do have an idea how this is done.
Review this video a couple of times until you get it.
Well this is super easy.
All right we're selecting all this.
All right.
And then we're doing our conditions right here.
We're saying from polls we left join in at that table you can play around with it and do this through
your application that way you make less square as you make your application faster and it's cleaner.
That way you don't have to have more coding here that you don't need.
All right we can take this off.
We wanted to oh this clean this up a little bit.
All right.
Remember the goal is to clean things up to make things with less code.
And you know which just more portable so that where you can you know keep doing the same thing over
and over again without writing too much code.
But anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
I hope this helped you a lot and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you